Bug fix (#858)
parse-community/Parse-SDK-Flutter: packages/dart/CHANGELOG.md

> ## [4.0.1](https://github.com/parse-community/Parse-SDK-Flutter/compare/dart-4.0.0...dart-4.0.1) (2023-03-19)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [4.0.1](https://github.com/parse-community/Parse-SDK-Flutter/compare/dart-4.0.0...dart-4.0.1) (2023-03-20)
```

### Bug Fixes

> * Saving Parse object will crash the SDK if error occurred when saving the object children ([#858](https://github.com/parse-community/Parse-SDK-Flutter/pull/858))

Author: Yes, I'm sorry my English is sometimes not good enough.
Do you have any suggestions?

> * Saving Parse object will crash the SDK if error occurred when saving the object children ([#858](https://github.com/parse-community/Parse-SDK-Flutter/pull/858))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unhandled exception when saving a `ParseObject` but its nested object fails to save ([#858](https://github.com/parse-community/Parse-SDK-Flutter/pull/858))
```
